Documentation for custom commands (#65)
PyDrocsid/cogs: general/custom_commands/documentation.md

# custom commands

> This cog contains the `custom_commands` command. The command can be used to create own commands which can be called.

Reviewer: add a headline for the command. please provide first a general description of the cog, then a specific description of the command (even if there is only one command in the cog)

This command contains different sub commands to create/edit/delete custom commands.

```css
.[custom_commands|cc] [subcommand]
```

If no subcommand is given a list of all avaiable custom commands with aliasses will be send.

## `add`

> This subcommand is used to create new custom commands.

Reviewer: "The .add command is used to..."

Please do this everywhere instead of "This command..."

```css

> .custom_commands [add|+] <name> <discohook_url> [public=True]

Reviewer: The `custom_commands` command has aliases, please add them everywhere!

```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`name`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|
|`discohook_link`|:heavy_check_mark:|Go to [this side](https://discohook.org/), compose your message, click on `Share Message` and copy the link.|
|`public`||If set to `False` the permission level of the command will be set to the default permission level of the bot|

## `alias`

This subcommand adds an alias to a command

```css
.custom_commands [alias|a] <command> <alias>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|
|`alias`|:heavy_check_mark:|The alias which should be added to the command|

## `edit`

This subcommand has some own subcommands to edit different things.

```css
.custom_commands [edit|e] [subcommand] 
```

> If no subcommand is given a list oif all subcommands for `edit` will be send

Reviewer: fix the spelling mistake and mind punctuation

> ### __`channel`__

Reviewer: Do not underline commands

> This command specifies a channel in which the commnand should be send by default

Reviewer: punctuation

```css

> .custom_commands edit [channel|c] <command> [channel]

Reviewer: there is an alias for the edit subcommand

Author: Defelo said I should use the template from the help command from the bot 

(.help cc e channel)

> .custom_commands edit [channel|c] <command> [channel]

Reviewer: `[channel]` is an argument, therefore please use "<>" instead of "[ ]"

```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|
|`channel`||The channel in which the message should be send. If no channel is given the message will be send to the channel from the executed command|

> ### __`channel_parameter`__

Reviewer: Do not underline subcommands

### __`delete_command`__

This command specifies if the command should be deleted after the execution.

```css
.custom_commands edit [delete_command|dc] <command> <delete>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|
|`delete`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable the deletion|

### __`description`__

This command sets an description for a custom command.

```css
.custom_commands edit [description|desc|d] <command> [description]
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|
|`description`||The text for the description. The discription can be removed by leaving the description param empty|

### __`enable`__

This command enables/disables the command.

```css
.custom_commands edit [enabled|e] <command> <enabled>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|
|`enabled`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable the command|

### __`name`__

> This command chnages the name of the custom command.

Reviewer: spelling mistake

```css
.custom_commands edit [name|n] <command> <name>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|
|`name`|:heavy_check_mark:|The new name for the command|

### __`permission_level`__

> This command sets the requiered permission level to execute the custom command.

Reviewer: spelling mistake: "required" instead of "requiered"

```css
.custom_commands edit [permission_level|pl] <command> <level>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|
|`level`|:heavy_check_mark:|The new permission level (0-4)|

### __`requires_confirmation`__

> This command enables/disables a confirmation message before sending the message of the custom command.

Reviewer: Please, rewrite this sentence to something like "This command specifies whether to send a confirmation message before sending the message of the custom command."

> The requires_confirmation is used to specifie whether to send a confirmation message before sending the message of the custom command.

Reviewer: "The requires_confirmation command is used to..."

Spelling: "specify"

> # custom commands

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Custom Commands
```

> This cog contains the `custom_commands` command. The command can be used to create own commands which can be called.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This cog contains the `custom_commands` command, which can be used to create simple commands that send a predefined answer when used.
```

## custom_commands

> This command contains different sub commands to create/edit/delete custom commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.custom_commands` command contains different sub commands to create, edit and delete custom commands.
```

```css
.[custom_commands|cc] [subcommand]
```

> If no subcommand is given a list of all avaiable custom commands with aliasses will be send.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no subcommand is given, a list of all avaiable custom commands with aliases will be send.
```

### `add`

> The add command is used to create new custom commands.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `add` subcommand is used to create new custom commands.
```

```css
.custom_commands [add|+] <name> <discohook_url> [public=True]
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`name`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`name`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's name|
```

> |`discohook_url`|:heavy_check_mark:|Go to [this side](https://discohook.org/), compose your message, click on `Share Message` and copy the link.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`discohook_url`|:heavy_check_mark:|Go to [this side](https://discohook.org/), compose your message, click on `Share Message` and copy the link|
```

> |`public`||If set to `False` the permission level of the command will be set to the default permission level of the bot|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`public`|        |If set to `False`, the custom command's permission level will be set to the bot's default permission level|
```

### `alias`

> The alias command is used to add an alias to a command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `alias` subcommand is used to add an alias to a custom command.
```

```css
.custom_commands [alias|a] <command> <alias>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's name|
```

> |`alias`|:heavy_check_mark:|The alias which should be added to the command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`alias`|:heavy_check_mark:|The alias to be added to the custom command|
```

### `edit`

> The edit command is used to edit different things.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `edit` subcommand contains various subcommands to edit an existing custom command.
```

```css
.custom_commands [edit|e] [subcommand] 
```

> If no subcommand is given a list of all subcommands for `edit` will be send.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If no subcommand is given, a list of all subcommands for `edit` will be sent.
```

#### `channel`

> The channel is used to specifie a channel in which the commnand should be send by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `channel` subcommand is used to specify a channel the custom command's answer should be sent to by default.
```

```css
.custom_commands edit [channel|c] <command> [channel]
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's name|
```

> |`channel`||The channel in which the message should be send. If no channel is given the message will be send to the channel from the executed command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`channel`|       |The channel the custom command's answer should be sent to. If no channel is given, the message will be sent to the channel the custom command is executed in|
```

#### `channel_parameter`

> The channel_parameter is used to specifie a channel in which the commnand should be send by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `channel_parameter` subcommand is used to enable or disable the custom command's `channel` parameter.
```

```css
.custom_commands edit [channel_parameter|cp] <command> <enabled>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's name|
```

> |`enabled`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable the `channel` parameter|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`enabled`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable the custom command's `channel` parameter|
```

#### `delete_command`

> The delete_command subcommand is used to specifie if the command should be deleted after the execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `delete_command` subcommand is used to specify if the message used to trigger the custom command should be deleted after execution.
```

```css
.custom_commands edit [delete_command|dc] <command> <delete>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's name|
```

|`delete`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable the deletion|

#### `description`

> The description subcommand is used to set an description for a custom command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `description` subcommand is used to set a description for a custom command.
```

```css
.custom_commands edit [description|desc|d] <command> [description]
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's description|
```

> |`description`||The text for the description. The discription can be removed by leaving the description param empty|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`description`|       |The description. The description can be removed by leaving this argument empty|
```

#### `enabled`

> The enabled subcommand is used to enable/disable the command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `enabled` subcommand is used to enable or disable a custom command.
```

```css
.custom_commands edit [enabled|e] <command> <enabled>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's name|
```

> |`enabled`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable the command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`enabled`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable the custom command|
```

#### `name`

> The name subcommand is used to change the name of the custom command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `name` subcommand is used to change a custom command's name.
```

```css
.custom_commands edit [name|n] <command> <name>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's name|
```

> |`name`|:heavy_check_mark:|The new name for the command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`name`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's new name|
```

#### `permission_level`

> The permission_level subcommand is used to set the required permission level to execute the custom command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `permission_level` subcommand is used to set the permission level required to execute the custom command.
```

```css
.custom_commands edit [permission_level|pl] <command> <level>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's name|
```

|`level`|:heavy_check_mark:|The new permission level (0-4)|

#### `requires_confirmation`

> The requires_confirmation subcommand is used to specify whether to send a confirmation message before sending the message of the custom command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `requires_confirmation` subcommand is used to specify whether to send a confirmation message before sending the custom command's answer.
```

```css
.custom_commands edit [requires_confirmation|rc] <command> <enabled>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's name|
```

|`enabled`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable the confimation|

#### `text`

> The text subcommand is used to edit the content of the message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `text` subcommand is used to edit the custom command's answer.
```

```css
.custom_commands edit [text|t|content|data] <command> <discohook_url>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's name|
```

|`text`|:heavy_check_mark:|Go to [this side](https://discohook.org/), compose your message, click on `Share Message` and copy the link.|

#### `user_parameter`

> The user_parameter subcommand is used to enable/disable the mention of a user on top of the message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `user_parameter` subcommand is used to enable or disable the user mention sent with the custom command's answer.
```

```css
.custom_commands edit [user_parameter|up] <command> <enabled>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's name|
```

> |`enabled`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable the user parameter|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`enabled`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable custom command's user parameter|
```

### `remove`

> The remove subcommand is used to remove a custom command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `remove` subcommand is used to remove a custom command.
```

```css
.custom_commands [remove|r|del|d|-] <command>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's name|
```

### `show`

> The show subcommand is used to show all information about a custom command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `show` subcommand is used to show all information about a custom command.
```

```css
.custom_commands [show|s|view|v|?] <command>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's name|
```

### `test`

> The test subcommand is used to send a preview of the message without mentioning roles/user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `test` subcommand is used to send a preview of the custom command's answer without mentioning any roles or users.
```

```css
.custom_commands [test|t] <command>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The custom command's name|
```

### `unalias`

> The unalias subcommand is used to remove an alias from a custom command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `unalias` subcommand is used to remove an alias from a custom command.
```

```css
.custom_commands [unalias|u] <alias>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`alias`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the alias|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`alias`|:heavy_check_mark:|The alias' name|
```

> ### Execution of custom commands

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Execution of custom commands
```

```css
.<name|alias> <channel> [user]
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`name/alias`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name or the alias of a custom command|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`name/alias`|:heavy_check_mark:|A custom command's name or alias|
```

> |`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|If activated you have to name a channel in which the message should be send|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`channel`|       |The channel to send the custom command's answer to. Required if the custom command's `channel` parameter is enabled|
```

> |`user`||If activated you can set a user which will be mentioned|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`user`|       |If activated, you can set a user to be mentioned with the custom command's answer|
```

> |`public`||If set to `False` the permission level of the command will be set to the default permission level of the bot|

Reviewer: The <name> and the <discohook_url> - parameters are missing in this table, please add them!

### `alias`

> The alias command is used to add an alias to a command.

Reviewer: The alias **sub**command...

> |`alias`|:heavy_check_mark:|The alias which should be added to the command|

Reviewer: The `command` is also a parameter that needs to be specified in this table!

|`enabled`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable the `channel` parameter|

#### `delete_command`

> The delete_command parameter is used to specifie if the command should be deleted after the execution.

Reviewer: This is not a parameter, but a subcommand

> |`delete`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable the deletion|

Reviewer: the `command`  is also a parameter that needs to be specified in this table

#### `description`

> The description parameter is used to set an description for a custom command.

Reviewer: This is not a parameter, but a subcommand

> |`description`||The text for the description. The discription can be removed by leaving the description param empty|

Reviewer: The `command` is also a parameter that needs to be specified in this chart

#### `enable`

> The enable is used to enable/disable the command.

Reviewer: The enable _subcommand_...

Reviewer: Also, the subcommand is called "enable**d**", not "enable"

> 

Reviewer: The part where you show the whole command with all its parameters is missing

Reviewer: yeah...

> |`enabled`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable the command|

Reviewer: The `command` is also a parameter that needs to be specified in this table

#### `name`

> The name parameter is used to change the name of the custom command.

Reviewer: The name _subcommand_...

> |`name`|:heavy_check_mark:|The new name for the command|

Reviewer: The `command` is also a parameter that needs to be specified in this table!

#### `permission_level`

> The permission_level is used to set the required permission level to execute the custom command.

Reviewer: The permission_level _subcommand_...

> |`level`|:heavy_check_mark:|The new permission level (0-4)|

Reviewer: The `command` is also a parameter that needs to be specified in this table

#### `requires_confirmation`

> The requires_confirmation is used to specify whether to send a confirmation message before sending the message of the custom command.

Reviewer: The requires_confirmation _subcommand_...

> |`enabled`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable the confimation|

Reviewer: The `command` is also a parameter that needs to be specified in this table

#### `text`

> The text parameter is used to edit the content of the message.

Reviewer: This is not a parameter, but a subcommand

> |`text`|:heavy_check_mark:|Go to [this side](https://discohook.org/), compose your message, click on `Share Message` and copy the link.|

Reviewer: The `command` is also a parameter that needs to be specified in this table!

#### `user_parameter`

> The user_parameter is used to enable/disable the mention of a user on top of the message.

Reviewer: The user_parameter _subcommand_...

> 

Reviewer: The part where you show the whole command with its parameters is missing

> |`enabled`|:heavy_check_mark:|True/False to enable/disable the user parameter|

Reviewer: The `command` is also a parameter that needs to be specified in this table

### `remove`

> The remove command is used to remove a custom command.

Reviewer: The remove **sub**command

> 

Reviewer: The part where you show the whole command with its parameters is missing!

|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

### `show`

> The show command is used to show all information about a custom command.

Reviewer: The show **sub**command...

|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

### `test`

> The test command is used to send a preview of the message without mentioning roles/user.

Reviewer: The test **sub**command

|`command`|:heavy_check_mark:|The name of the custom command|

### `unalias`

> The unalias command is used to remove an alias from a custom command.

Reviewer: The unalias subcommand...

> 

Reviewer: The part where you show the whole commands with its parameters is missing!
